Clean up interop specs and fix typos (#918)
ethereum-optimism/specs: specs/interop/dependency-set.md

## Chain ID

> All representations of chain ids MUST be the `uint256` type.

Author: This felt quite wordy so I just chopped it down to what is actually being specified.

Reviewer: A bunch of our own software doesn't actually meet this requirement. I suspect we want to say something like:

All chain IDs used in interop dependency sets must fit within a uint64. Software should be designed to support up to uint256 chain IDs.

> All representations of chain ids MUST be the `uint256` type.

Author: ```suggestion
All chain IDs used in interop dependency sets must fit within a `uint64`. Software should be designed to support up to uint256 chain IDs.
```

replay attacks between chains. This EIP does not specify the max size of a chain id, although
[EIP-2294](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2294) attempts to add a maximum size. Since this EIP is
stagnant, all representations of chain ids MUST be the `uint256` type.

In the future, OP Stack chains reserve the right to use up to 32 bytes to represent a chain id. The
configuration of the chain should deterministically map to a chain id and with careful architecture
changes, all possible OP Stack chains in the superchain will be able to exist counterfactually.

It is a known issue that not all software in the Ethereum ecosystem can handle 32 byte chain ids.
All representations of chain ids MUST be the `uint256` type.

## Updating the Dependency Set

The dependency set is managed in the client software. Adding a chain to the dependency set is
considered an upgrade to the network. It is not possible to remove chains from the dependency set.

## Future Considerations

### Layer 1 as Part of the Dependency Set

The layer one MAY be part of the dependency set in the future. This means that any event
created on layer one is consumable on layer two.

> 

Author: I'm using the principle here that "we might do something in future" does not belong in the specs.
